\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename unicorn.info
@settitle unicorn
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@dircategory System administration
@direntry
* unicorn: (unicorn).            PATH unification utility
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2014 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top unicorn -- PATH unification utility
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title unicorn
@subtitle @var{PATH} unification utility
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@c @center `'
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{unicorn}.
* Invoking::                        Invocation of @command{unicorn}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{unicorn} is a command that
lets you temporarily add all existing
possible command paths, like
@file{/usr/bin}, to the @var{PATH}
environment variable.



@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

@command{unicorn} can be started with
either no option or exactly one of these
options:

@table @option
@item -p
@itemx --preserve-env
Attempt to execute the command without
updating the environment variable
@var{PATH}. Whether it will be successful
does not depend on this option; this
option only affects the the behaviour
of the program and the directories that
program should look in when searching
for commands to execute.

@item -h
@itemx --help
Print help information.

@item -c
@itemx --copying
@itemx --copyright
Print copyright information.

@item -w
@itemx --warranty
Print non-warranty information.

@end table

All argument after a @option{--}
or any argument not starting with
a dash (`-') and all subsequent
arguments are interpreted as an
argument of the command to execute.

It is also possible to running
@command{unicorn} with exactly
two arguments (excluding the name
of the command @command{unicorn})
and let the first of those arguments
be @option{-}. In this case,
@command{unicorn} will print all
existing commands whose names start
with the second argument.



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

